session 3 is the preferred session time

  ------ -------------------------- --
  time   task                       
  5      opening and introduction   
         introduction               
                                    
                                    
  ------ -------------------------- --

Founded in 1979 as a group of countercultrual gay men breaks with the
monotoy of the “castor clone era”, the Radical Faeries practice
subject-SUBJECT consciousness breaking objectification. Come explore a
hands-on saring experience, from the heart, that can be used beyond gay
men subculture to for queer empoweremet and advocacy.

the peson

how can we see each others as ourseconvocation communitylves?

How can we a person outside ourselves authentically?

Objectives:[]{#anchor}

-   Give an example of a tool used to address the subjective experience
    and emotional needs within queer self-empowerment and activism
-   Provide insight into a counter-cultural queer movement, the Radical
    Faeries, in a hands-on DIY way.
-   Offering a model of queer self-empowerment from the Radical Faeries.
-   Highlight the need to address emotional needs in movement organizing

Abstract:

:

How can we understand others different from ourselves? How can we
overcome the danger of losing the individual in our movements? The
Radical Faeries since 1979 have focused on looking at the individual
story by recognizing the danger of the subject-object paradigm between
people.

Many times in our community we project roles upon others; Join us to
break the many ways that we objectify. By using a active listening
circle to practice the opposite of our objectifying tendencies.

 Come practice a personal-focused activity that is used in the Faerie
community to practice breaking down these boundaries.

Description:

This workshop is made up of five major parts: grounding/opening, a
welcome and introduction, history and agreement-making,
share/discussion, and closing. In the grounding/opening, a breathing
exercise will be guided by the facilitators. After that, introductions
will occur with the facilitators introducing themselves followed by a
quick round of names and preferred pronouns, with the group repeating
names in affirmation (as practice for share later).

This will be followed by a quick introduction to the history of the
Radical Faeries and the philosophical underpinning of heart circles.
After that, agreements will be quickly discussed, using a list of
traditional agreement as a template. A prompt topic will be proposed by
the facilitators and a facilitated question sequence will be detailed.

During the “share”, a talisman/talking circle is passed from person to
person around a circle, multiple rounds of passing will be done. the
person holding the stick says their name. The rest of the circle will
repeat their name in affirmation. On the first round, each person is
asked to share at least one word about “How do you feel right now?”. On
second round each person will be asked “What does &lt;prompt&gt; mean to
you?”(or a variant based on that phrasing). The third round, people are
asked to share “What would you do to change &lt;prompt&gt; within your
life?”. Finally, there is a open round, where each person is welcome to
share what comes to them. When sharing with the circle, each person can
speak “from the heart”, being asked to speak around a prompt topic from
a personal narrative way, not in a rationalized way. People not sharing
are asked to listen intently and are welcome to “hiss” in affirmation if
the speaker moves them.

A short closing including a physical component will be offered at the
end.

Time allotment (approx):

Opening and Grounding -- 2-3 min

Welcome and Introductions -- 5 min

History and Agreements -- 10 min

Share -- 55 min

Closing -- 2-3 min

Description outline

-   Grounding
-   Welcome intro
-   History/agreements

    -   Heart Circle:

        -   share from the heart get out the brain thining
        -   No Cross-Talk
        -   Confidental -- said he stays here
        -   Self-care is Sexy” quietly remove yourself if need met or
            need a break
        -   Heart Circle container it is a actively crated by the
            particpants
        -   “hissing” -- to enfoce postive connect or “i feel that”
        -    be aware of the space your taking up when sharing

-   Share Session

    -   talsiman is passed around to each person
    -   first round speaking is heavily encorugage one word of how you
        feel right now.
    -   callback -- say your preferred name and the circle response in
        back
    -   second round is a less focus question about how the prompts
        means to you
    -   third round is if wanted change within subject, what change
        would like to see (2-3 sentances)
    -   open share -- open floor completely optional shar
    -   no tslk bsck

-   Closing -- brief activity to release the activity

Connection to Mission:

“Building community through liberation and celebration of queer culture”

By focusing into the personal narrative of each individual in a
facilitated space, barrier in relating together is decreased. Further,
by building a safe space for sharing, the personal agency and story of
each individual is highlighted. In sharing a bit of Radical Faerie
culture, a counter-cultural queer experience is celebrated and
highlighted

Bio:

Michael “Crimson” Penhallegon is a Junior at Evergreen State College
studying Computer Science and Public Health. He has been involved in the
Radical Faeries for 9 years and has many years of organizing in queer
community and communities of color.
